A manufacturer advises its distributors that they must achieve an extremely high level of sales next year to continue as channel members. This action is most likely to create
	A: vertical conflict.
	B: channel enlargement.
	C: complex distribution patterns.
	D: a comparative advantage.
Answer: A
Explanation: Vertical conflict. Vertical conflict occurs between channel members at different levels within the same channel. In the example, the distributors might feel that the manufacturer has set unreasonable sales goals, which may cause vertical conflict. If the distributors do not reach their sales goals, the manufacturer will drop the less productive channel members, thereby reducing the size of the distribution channel. Distribution patterns are the strategies (intensive, selective, or exclusive) that businesses use tomove products through the distribution channel. There is not enough information provided about the manufacturer's distribution patterns to determine their impact on changes within the distribution channel. Comparative advantage is the advantage achieved by a nation when it specializes in producing goods and services at which it is relatively most efficient.
Tags: Channel Management, Distribution, 

To build and repair bridges, Campbell Construction Company buys steel beams from Horton Manufacturing. In this situation, Campbell Contruction Company is the
	A: indirect agent
	B: wholesaler
	C: producer
	D: industrial user
Answer: D
Explanation: Industrial user. A business that buys materials, services, or goods which it will use to make other goods is an industrial user. Because Campbell Construction Company buys steel beams to carry out its business activities (building and repairing bridges), it is an industrial user. If Horton Manufacturing makes the steel beams, it is the producer. A wholesaler is an intermediary who helps to move goods between producers and retailers by buying goods from producers and selling them to retailers. Agents are intermediaries who assist in the sale and/or promotion of goods and services but do not take title to them.
Tags: Channel Management, Distribution, 

Which of the following is a common reason for horizontal conflict among distribution channel members:
	A: Transportation issues
	B: territorial boundaries
	C: Direct distribution
	D: Shipping errors
Answer: B
Explanation: Territorial boundaries. Horizontal conflicts are disagreements between channel members at the same level of distribution. Unclear territorial boundaries or violations of those boundaries are often sources of horizontal conflict. For example, suppose two retailers are located on the same block, and one store begins to sell the same line of specialty goods that the other store sells. Because both stores are competing for the same customers, conflict is likely to occur. Vertical conflicts are disagreements between channel members at different levels of the distribution channel. If a producer decides to use a direct distribution strategy (bypass its distributors and sell directly to end users), vertical conflict is likely to occur. Transportation issues and shipping errors may cause occasional vertical conflict.
Tags: Channel Management, Distribution, 

Using the APA writing style, Ella compiles a list of the books, web sites, and journals that she used when developing a complex research report. What is Ella developing?
	A: The executive summary
	B: An index
	C: The bibliography
	D: A glossary
Answer: C
Explanation: The bibliography. A bibliography is a list of resources containing the information that the writer used to prepare a written document. When developing formal research reports, the writer should use the appropriate writing style for all components of the report to build credibility with the audience. The writing style that the writer uses depends on the business's preferences or the type of report. For example, the American Psychological Association (APA) style is often used when writing about topics related to social sciences. An index is typically placed in the back of a publication and lists the subjects, names, and companies that are referenced in a book along with the page numbers in which they appear. A glossary is a list of terms with their definitions. An executive summary, which is usually placed at the beginning of a long report, provides an overview of the entire document.
Tags: Communication, 

When the meeting leader asked the group participants if they had any suggestions for the new product catalog, Lily pulled out a list of notes that she had compiled and talked for the remaining 20 minutes of an hour-long meeting. In this situation, Lily
	A: followed parliamentary procedure.
	B: provided positive feedback.
	C: monopolized the discussion.
	D: expressed her opinions clearly.
Answer: C
Explanation: Monopolized the discussion. When participating in a staff meeting, it is important to provide information or make suggestions when appropriate. When one person dominates the discussion, others do not have an opportunity to provide their input. Because Lily spoke for a long time during the meeting, she monopolized the discussion. There isn't enough information provided to determine if Lily provided positive feedback, followed parliamentary procedure, or expressed her opinions clearly
Tags: Communication, 

Which of the following gestures would indicate a speaker's nervousness during an oral presentation:
	A: Standing up straight
	B: Maintaining eye contact
	C: Speaking very quickly
	D: Fidgeting with accessories
Answer: D
Explanation: Fidgeting with accessories. Shaking hands, swaying, and fidgeting with things such as jewelry or a pen are gestures that often indicate to the audience that the speaker is nervous. A speaker should be aware of and monitor these types of gesture when giving an oral presentation because they can be distracting to the audience. Practicing the presentation in front of a trusted friend or colleague may help an individual feel more comfortable speaking in front of others. Maintaining eye contact and standing up straight are ways in which a speaker can convey confidence during an oral presentation. Speaking too fast or too low are verbal cues that the speaker may be nervous
Tags: Communication, 

You are more likely to persuade others to take action if you:
	A: overstate the benefits
	B: use illogical reasoning
	C: provide supporting facts
	D: conceal your credibility
Answer: C
Explanation: Provide supporting facts. Providing supporting facts builds your credibility. And if others view you as a credible person, you are more likely to persuade them to take action. Overstating the benefits and providing illogical reasons are not likely to enhance your credibility and persuade others to take the desired action.
Tags: Communication, 

Mr. Martin said, “I want to return this software and get my money back. Before I bought it, your salesperson told me that it was compatible with my computer, but it isn't.” What is the reason for Mr. Martin's complaint?
	A: The product was labeled incorrectly.
	B: The product was defective.
	C: The salesperson used high-pressure sales tactics.
	D: The salesperson provided inaccurate information.
Answer: D
Explanation: The salesperson provided inaccurate information. Product returns are costly to a business, but businesses can take steps to lower product-return rates. Because salespeople are in contact with customers, they can lower return rates by learning about the business's products and applying that knowledge to provide customers with accurate information. Businesses can help salespeople gain product knowledge by providing product training. By training salespeople about products, businesses can reduce the risks associated with salespeople giving incorrect product information, as described in the example provided. There is not enough information provided to determine if the product was defective or labeled incorrectly or if the salesperson used high-pressure sales tactics
Tags: Customer Relations, 

The Upper Crust Bread Shop bakes its bread on site so that customers can smell the bread when they enter the shop, and it sets baskets of bread samples throughout the shop. The shop uses these touch points to carry out its
	A: operations-management processes.
	B: product-development tactics.
	C: customer-experience management strategies.
	D: brand-insistence advertising techniques.
Answer: C
Explanation: Customer-experience management strategies. Customer-experience management consists of the strategies, processes, and policies that a business uses to meet or exceed customer expectations and provide customers with outstanding experiences at every touch point. Touch points are the opportunities that businesses have to connect with customers and reinforce their brand value. In the example, the customers' experiences are enhanced by the smell of fresh bread and the opportunity to taste samples of different breads throughout the store. Product development is the stage in the creation of a new product in which a working model may be tested, modified, and retested. Operations management is the process of planning, controlling, and monitoring the day-to-day activities required for continued business functioning. Brand insistence is the stage of brand loyalty in which consumers insist upon buying a specific brand. Advertising is a paid form of nonpersonal promotion.
Tags: Customer Relations, 

When the salesperson did not return Mr. Adkins' calls about the status of his backordered stove, he cancelled his order. The salesperson lost the order because s/he
	A: ordered the wrong stove
	B: failed to provide customer service
	C: couldn't get a hold of the vendor
	D: had incorrect customer information
Answer: B
Explanation: Failed to provide customer service. Back orders are requests (orders) for goods that are out of stock and will ship when the items are available. The salesperson failed to provide customer service because s/he did not follow-up with Mr. Adkins to let him know about the status of his order. As a result, the customer became frustrated, cancelled the order, and likely took his business elsewhere. There is not enough information available to determine if the salesperson ordered the wrong stove, couldn't get hold of the vendor, or had incorrect customer contact information.
Tags: Customer Relations, 

Last year, Ryan earned a salary of $32,500, and paid 15% in federal income taxes. This year, Ryan received a promotion, and his salary is now $36,750. Due to his salary increase, Ryan must pay 25% in federal income taxes. This is an example of a __________ tax.
	A: regressive
	B: progressive
	C: proportional
	D: corporate
Answer: B
Explanation: Progressive. A progressive tax structure is one in which those who earn more are required to pay a higher percentage of their income in taxes. In other words, as a person's income bracket increases, his/her tax rate also increases. The U.S. income tax is a progressive tax. If using a regressive tax structure, people who earn more income pay a lower percentage of income in taxes. As income increases, the tax rate decreases. Sales and excise taxes are regressive taxes because people with lower incomes ultimately pay a larger percentage of their income in sales and excise taxes. A proportional tax structure is one in which everyone pays the same percentage of income in taxes, regardless of income level. Businesses that are structured as corporations pay corporate taxes.
Tags: Economics, 

Tying agreements are illegal under which of the following conditions:
	A: when they limit liability
	B: When they prohibit monopolies
	C: When they regulate promotion
	D: when they reduce competition
Answer: D
Explanation: When they reduce competition. Tying agreements are considered illegal if they substantially limit competition by preventing other distributors from obtaining and selling the same product to customers. A monopoly is a type of market structure in which a market is controlled by one supplier and there are no substitute goods or services readily available. In many countries, monopolies are illegal. The government regulates promotion. Tying agreements do not limit liability
Tags: Economics, 

What happens when inflation increases?
	A: Consumers can buy more for less.
	B: Supply exceeds demand.
	C: Purchasing power decreases.
	D: Production efficiency increases.
Answer: C
Explanation: Purchasing power decreases. Inflation, which is a rise in prices, decreases purchasing power because it takes more money to buy the same item. This means that consumers and businesses buy less with the same amount of money. Demand that exceeds supply typically correlates with a rise in inflation. The level of production efficiency does not always increase when inflation increases.
Tags: Economics, 

Which of the following is an oligopoly:
	A: oil industry
	B: apparel industry
	C: food-service industry
	D: computer industry
Answer: A
Explanation: Oil industry. An oligopoly is a market structure in which there are relatively few sellers, and industry leaders usually determine prices. Because oil is a scarce, natural resource and is complex to process into usable products, there are fewer businesses in the oil industry than other types of industries such as the apparel, food-service, and computer businesses.
Tags: Economics, 

Joe realized that if he had taken more time to proofread his work carefully and correct his grammatical mistakes, he would have received a better grade on his report. In this situation, Joe is
	A: assessing a weakness to improve performance
	B: identifying a way to enhance his creativity
	C: making a false generalization about himself
	D: comparing his talents with those of his classmates
Answer: A
Explanation: Assessing a weakness to improve performance. Self assessment involves objectively looking at your own strengths and weaknesses, so you can make the best of your strengths and take steps to improve your weaknesses. In the situation provided, Joe's weakness was the grammatical errors that he failed to find and correct in his research report. He determined that he could improve his performance by taking more time to proofread his work in the future before submitting it to his teacher. A false generalization is making a broad assumption with very little supporting evidence. A false generalization that Joe might make is that he is a terrible writer because he received a low grade on one paper. Joe is not making a false generalization, identifying a way to enhance his creativity, or comparing his talents with those of his classmates.
Tags: Emotional Intelligence, 

Which of the following situations involves the use of negative tactics to build political relationships within the organization:
	A: Jason accepts credit for Tori's advertising campaign idea during a meeting with management.
	B: Lydia wants to increase her internal contacts and network, so she volunteers to help with a project.
	C: Patrick compliments his manager on her/his chip shot out of a sand trap during a corporate golf outing.
	D: Miranda makes sure that she dresses professionally during important business meetings.
Answer: A
Explanation: Jason accepts credit for Tori's advertising campaign idea during a meeting with management. Political relationships in the work environment involve building alliances with managers and colleagues to maximize leverage within the organization. While political relationships (often called office politics) facilitate beneficial results for the business, some individuals use negative tactics to obtain leverage for their own purposes. One of these tactics involves taking credit for another person's idea or work. By taking credit for another person's work, the individual is trying to make himself/herself look competent at the expense of others. This type of behavior typically creates a negative, distrustful work environment. Volunteering to work on a project, giving sincere compliments, and dressing professionally are good ways to build positive business relationships.
Tags: Emotional Intelligence, 

Which of the following is an example of a company procedure:
	A: To order supplies, employees must complete the R-3 form and then give it to their immediate supervisor.
	B: Employees are permitted to wear open-toed shoes to work, but they may not wear flip-flops.
	C: After five years of service, staff members receive four weeks of paid vacation.
	D: Triton Manufacturing pays employees the standard gas mileage reimbursement rate of $.55 per mile.
Answer: A
Explanation: To order supplies, employees must complete the R-3 form and then give it to their immediate supervisor. Businesses develop policies and procedures to ensure that employees carry out business activities in fair and systematic ways. Policies are general rules to be followed by company personnel, and procedures are the step-by-step processes personnel follow in performing specific tasks. Because the correct answer states the steps of a process (ordering supplies), it is a procedure.  Dress codes, vacation time, and reimbursement rates are examples of policies because they are general in nature.
Tags: Human Relations, Operations, 

Which of the following is an example of organizing business information by location:
	A:Corinne prepares a real-estate guide that lists homes for sale in ascending order by selling price.
	B: Ben's history assignment is to create a timeline to illustrate his family's immigration from Ireland.
	C: Elizabeth structures a national insurance company's financial reports by branch.
	D: Jacob structures a research report by providing the most important information in the first section of the document.
Answer: C
Explanation: Elizabeth structures a national insurance company's financial reports by branch. Geographical order puts information in order based on the geographic location, such as business region or branch. When a business wants to evaluate or compare the financial performance of each business location, the geographic organizational approach is appropriate to use. Ben is organizing information for school rather than business and is using a chronological format for his timeline. The chronological format involves placing information in sequence according to time. Corrine is organizing information by value because she is listing homes by selling price. Jacob is using the deductive approach to organize his research report. The deductive approach involves presenting the main ideas, recommendations, and most important information in the first part of the report.
Tags: Marketing Information, 

Which of the following is a true statement about secondary dimensions of diversity:
	A: They are mental aptitudes.
	B: They are physical traits.
	C: They are determined by a person's subculture.
	D: They can change over time.
Answer: D
Explanation: They can change over time. Secondary dimensions of diversity are differences that may change at age, and education level. Physical traits and mental aptitudes are primary dimensions of diversity, but it does not determine these dimensions., communication style, etc. Subculture is a secondary group within a dominant culture. For example, family status, geographic location, income, race/ethnicity, religion, suppose that a U.S. citizen has parents of Chinese decent; the Western culture is most likely the person's dominant culture, us points throughout one's lifetime and include characteristics such as language, which are inborn differences that cannot be changed. These differences include gender, while his/her Chinese heritage represents a subculture. A person's subculture may influence some of a person's secondary dimensions of diversity, but it does not determine these dimensions.
Tags: Miscellaneous, 

Molly works in operations. Her job is to make sure that the business has all the supplies it needs to keep production going smoothly. Molly works in the area of
	A: human-resources management.
	B: financial analysis.
	C: marketing.
	D: purchasing.
Answer: D
Explanation: Purchasing. Molly works in purchasing, the part of operations that ensures the business will have the goods and services needed to keep production going and business running smoothly. Financial analysis refers to obtaining necessary funds and keeping accurate and complete financial records. Marketing involves everything related to fulfilling customers' product needs. Human-resources management involves all the tasks and issues related to keeping the business staffed.
Tags: Operations, 

What information should a business provide its suppliers to ensure that products will be available to meet demand?
	A: Cash-flow analysis
	B: Annual report
	C: Sales forecast
	D: Media schedule
Answer: C
Explanation: Sales forecast. A sales forecast is a prediction of future sales over a specific period of time. When a business shares its sales forecast with its vendors, they have time to plan and make sure that they have the products available when and where the products are needed. An annual report, a cash-flow analysis, and a media schedule do not provide the information that vendors need to plan their inventory and delivery strategies.
Tags: Operations, 

Milford Glassworks encourages all of its employees to provide input for system improvements and suggestions for product ideas. What strategy is Milford using to adapt to changes in the marketplace?
	A: innovation management
	B: competitive aggression
	C: reactive control
	D: cultural intelligence
Answer: A
Explanation: Innovation management. Innovative management is a management style that embraces active participation throughout all levels of the organization. Company leaders tend to take roles that are more helpful and nurturing than controlling under this management style, which supports a creative work culture and encourages idea sharing. Because employees are carrying out the work, they often have ideas that will help them perform more efficiently or serve customers more effectively.  Competitive aggression is a drive to win scarce customer dollars in the marketplace. Cultural intelligence means being sensitive to the customs and traditions of people from different cultural backgrounds. Proactive management, which involves anticipating and advanced planning for change, helps businesses adapt more quickly than a reactive approach.
Tags: Workplace Skills, 

The supervisor said, "Amber, I know that this is a busy time for you right now, but I really need for you to give me the weekly expense report on Tuesday morning. Because you submitted last week's report on Wednesday, reimbursement checks were delayed, and several employees did not receive payment when they expected it." The supervisor is providing Amber with
	A: constructive criticism.
	B: an unsolicited opinion.
	C: internal feedback.
	D: a defensive response
Answer: A
Explanation: Constructive criticism. Constructive criticism is evaluative information designed to help someone improve. It is especially useful when it is offered to workers improve their performance or behavior on the job. In the situation provided, the supervisor points out a problem with Amber's work priorities and explains why it is important to submit the weekly expense report on a certain day. Though the supervisor's comments may be unsolicited, they are based on facts rather than opinion. Because the supervisor understands that Amber has a lot of work to do, s/he is delivering the message (rather than a response) in an empathic (rather than defensive) way. Internal feedback comes from within yourself.
Tags: Workplace Skills, 

What is the benefit of shared vision to an organization?
	A: It ensures that the team's goals are achievable.
	B: It serves as a guide to decision making.
	C: It creates an ethnocentric environment.
	D: It supports a groupthink attitude.
Answer: B
Explanation: It serves as a guide for decision making. When a shared vision exists, all members of the organization understand and support the organization's purpose. Successful organizations set goals and make decisions to fulfill the organization's purpose, which is based on the vision. A shared vision does not ensure that goals are achievable. Groupthink is a form of extreme cohesiveness that occurs when individuality and independent thinking within the group is discouraged. Ethnocentrism is the belief that your own culture is naturally better than other cultures. Unattainable goals, ethnocentrism, and groupthink tend to create circumstances that hinder an organization's ability to achieve its purpose.
Tags: Workplace Skills, 

